Create user, upload and delete bulk users.
Login as an administrator.
Navigate to Site administration, Users tab.
Click add a new user.
Enter the required user information and create user.
Upload bulk users.
You can upload a csv or text editor file.
Make sure the file has four mandatory columns: username, firstname, lastname and email address.
Password is not mandatory. Moodle will auto create passwords and send an email to the registered user.
You could see all the ten uploaded users.
Delete bulk users.
Navigate to Site administration, Users tab.
Click Bulk user actions.
Select the users you wish to delete.
Select Delete and Go.
The users are permanently deleted from the system.